Update man page and README to clarify the --group option (#157)
RedHatInsights/insights-client: README.md

- `--register` - Register a system with the Insights API. Required for basic collection & upload, except in the case of certain targets or if `--offline` is specified
- `--display-name=DISPLAYNAME` - Display name to appear in the insights web UI. This can be used at registration time, or standalone to change the display name any time.

> - `--group=GROUP` - Add a tage named group to the system in the insights web UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--group=GROUP` - Add a tag named `group` to the system in the insights web UI and in insights-client tags file.
```

> - `--group=GROUP` - Add a tage named group to the system in the insights web UI.

Reviewer 2: also typo "tage"
